Speaker 1  0:08  
You can Hello and thank you for calling the City of Temple City. If you know the extension you wish to reach. You may enter it at any time to reach management services, the city manager's office or the city clerk's office. Please press one to reach administrative services, finance and personnel. Please press two to reach community development, planning, building, Community Preservation, animal control and licensing, business licensing and engineering, please press three to reach Parks and Recreation. Please press four for our business hours, website and contact information. Please press five to reach an employee directory by first name. Please press six to repeat this message, please press eight.

Speaker 2  1:21  
Please spell the name of the person, first name, first press seven for Q and nine for Z to cancel the press one for Hello.

Speaker 3  1:32  
You have reached the best of your train. Temple City Code enforcement at extension 43

Speaker 2  1:37  
Please hold while I transfer your call. Your call is being forwarded to a Mitel voice mail system. Hello.

Speaker 3  1:46  
You have reached the best of your current Temple City Call enforcement at extension, 4330 Sorry, I'm available to answer your call. Please leave me a message. I will return your call as soon as possible, and thank you for calling.

Speaker 2  1:58  
Is out of the office. Please leave a message at the tone. When finished, you may hang up or press pound for additional options.

Eric Jones  2:07  
This is Eric Jones. I just sent an urgent life safety report regarding 5634, Noel Dr, Temple City, California, 91780, I have a critical problem. Inspector Eric So is out of office. The code email address bounced back as undeliverable. This is a fire hazard involving block degress and illegal density. I need to forward this written report to a live person immediately before the weekend. I'm wondering what the correct email address is for the director of community development or the city clerk, I need a case number generated today. My name again is Eric Jones. I'm a tenant co tenant with nah sage. My phone number is 626-348-3019, my email address is Eric e RC at recovery, hyphen, compass.org, thank you very

