Unknown Speaker  0:02  
Testing, testing, operator, Hamed, your call,

Eric Jones  0:36  
yeah, hi, I am requesting a safety documentation report at 5634, Noel, dr, thank you.

Yeah, hi. My name is Eric Jones. I'm requesting a safety documentation report at 5634, Noel, dr, my landlord reconstructed the driveway in 2018 to be less than eight feet wide. I have the measurements, and this blocks the only fire exit for the rear units. And the code enforcement acknowledged the width issue today, but refuse to act before the weekend. And I'm just afraid that if a fire occurs tonight, given like the loose wiring and stuff, I need a deputy to verify the obstruction.

Unknown Speaker  1:29  
Deputy to verify the obstruction. Yeah, but was already verified by cohort correct.

Eric Jones  1:36  
It was. It was verified over the phone, but they failed to act. They said they don't. They don't deal with that kind of thing. His name was via Tran at Temple City, I guess City Hall.

Unknown Speaker  1:51  
Okay, so you want that piece to go there and just look at it, just to

Eric Jones  1:54  
verify, or, yeah, I'm requesting a safety documentation report at 5634, Noel. Dr,

Unknown Speaker  2:00  
okay, we don't do that, sir, I believe you don't do that. No, I don't think we do safety documentation.

Eric Jones  2:08  
Okay, I was, I was told that, yeah, can you verify

Unknown Speaker  2:15  
by chance? Yeah, I can check. Okay, Thank you. I Appreciate that. I you it's up.

Unknown Speaker  3:24  
Yeah, sir, yes, we don't do that here.

Eric Jones  3:27  
Okay, yeah. I mean, I understand you can't write a building report, but because code enforcement is closed and this is a fire risk, I need this call logged as a service request or a suspicious circumstance. I don't know on honestly, I do you think? I mean,

yeah, hi. My name is Eric Jones, and I, I need a I'm not sure if you'd call it as a safety documentation report, but at 5634, Noel drive, my landlord reconstructed the driveway to be less than eight feet wide, and this blocks the only fire exit for the rear units. And code enforcement acknowledged the width issue, but said that they don't deal with this, and you do. I'm just afraid give Yeah, what is the address? It's 5634, Noel. Dr, ma'am. Oh, in Noel, N, O, E, L, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. Temple City, California, 91780, okay. And so what

is it that you need the fire department to respond out for? Oh, I guess it would be either like a safety documentation report, or if you know, you know, if that's not a service request or a suspicious circumstances regarding the hazard, I can give you the phone number to our Prevention Office for the what for the Prevention Office. Oh, the I talked to the prevention the community prevention officer, via Tran and he said that they don't handle this and to call the to call department I can give you the phone number. Oh, okay, thank you very much. Okay, the phone number is gonna be six to six. Six to 6430430, 043030503050 Correct. Okay, thank you very much. You're welcome. Okay, bye, bye. Oh, I gotta. I.

